---
page_title: "CANCOM Provider"
description: |-
  Terraform Provider for CANCOM Cloud
---

# CANCOM Provider

The CANCOM provider is used to interact with the CANCOM Cloud.

To use this provider, you need an active subscription to [CANCOM Marketplace] (https://marketplace.cancom.de/de/home).
Currently, signup is restricted to certain customers, but we plan to open signup to a broader audience soon.

You can reach the CANCOM Cloud here: [https://portal.cancom.io](https://portal.cancom.io)

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_providers {
    cancom = {
      source  = "cancom/cancom"
      version = "0.0.1-pre"
    }
  }
}

provider "cancom" {
  token = "<token>"
}
```

## Authentication

The CANCOM provider can be configured over the following token sources:

* Parameters in the provider configuration
* Environment variables

### Environment Variables

You can provide your API token via `CANCOM_TOKEN` environment variable, representing your CANCOM token.
When using this method, you may omit the CANCOM provider block entirely.
If both `token` and `CANCOM_TOKEN` is set, `token` will be used.

Usage:

```sh
$ export CANCOM_TOKEN="insertyourcancomtokenhere"
$ terraform plan
```

### Context

By default, the terraform is executed in the context of the current principle identified by the token. If you need to change context, you can also provide the `role` parameter to assume a role in a different tenant. In this case, all actions are executed within the context of the assumed role.

```terraform
provider "cancom" {
  token = "<token>"
  role  = "crn:123456789012::iam:role:TerraFormRole"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `role` (String) Role to assume with the provided token. Resources are created with this role instead of the original principal
- `service_registry` (String) Service Registry to use for endpoint discovery
- `token` (String) API Token retrieved from [https://portal.cancom.io](https://portal.cancom.io)
