---
page_title: "cancom_ssl_monitoring_ssl_monitor Resource - terraform-provider-cancom"
subcategory: "SSL Monitoring"
description: |-
  A SSL monitor item.
---

# cancom_ssl_monitoring_ssl_monitor (Resource)

A SSL monitor item.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "cancom_ssl_monitoring_ssl_monitor" "test_ssl" {
  domain_name          = "example.com"
  comment              = "This is a test"
  minimum_grade        = "A"
  contact_email_cancom = "test@example.de"
  is_managed_by_cancom = true
  protocol             = "http"
  port                 = 443
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `contact_email_cancom` (String) CANCOM contact person that is responsible to exchange the certificate.
- `domain_name` (String) Domain name to monitor. A domain name can only be monitored once.
- `minimum_grade` (String) Alert grade. If the score falls below this score, an alarm is raised.
- `protocol` (String) The protocol to be monitored, i.e. `http`, `postgresql`, `smtp`, ...
- `tenant` (String) The tenant that created the monitoring item.

### Optional

- `auto_scan` (Boolean) Only relevant on resource creation. Automatically starts a scan while creating the monitoring item. *This operation incurs a charge*
- `comment` (String) Comment that provides more details about the item, for example what to do when an alarm is raised
- `contact_email_customer` (String) Notification is send to the contact if an alarm is raised.
- `is_managed_by_cancom` (Boolean) This item is managed by CANCOM, and a CANCOM employee is responsible to renew the certificate. Can only be set by CANCOM employees.
- `port` (Number) The port to scan.
- `ssl_scan_enabled` (Boolean) Are scans scheduled, or do we not schedule them at this moment?.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (Number) When was the monitoring item created.
- `created_by` (String) Who created the monitoring item.
- `id` (String) ID of the monitoring item.
- `last_updated_at` (Number) Datetime of the last update.
- `last_updated_by` (String) Who was the last principal to update the item.
- `not_after` (Number) Information from the certificate, when it is about to expire.
- `state` (String) State, for example `finished` or `running`.
